📝 Add master/slave definitions (#217)
tatianamac/selfdefined: 11ty/definitions/master-slave.md

---
title: Master Slave
slug: master-slave
defined: false
speech: noun
alt_words:
  - Main & Secondary
  - Primary & Secondary
  - Primary & Replica

>   - Master & Minion

Reviewer: While I understand the intent behind the master/minion, I wonder if it's better to exclude all master-related terminology.
```suggestion

```

>   - Parent & Workers or Helpers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Parent & Child, Helpers, or Workers
```

Reviewer: Could we please alphabetise these?

>   - Leader & Follower

Reviewer: - Trunk & Branch

  - Agency & Operatives
---

A model of asymmetric communication or control where one device or process have total control over other components or are controlled by a component.

## Issues

> Master/slave terminology is problematic given that slavery was institutionalized in the United States for hundreds of years. Yet, this type of offensive lanugage is still used casually in many programming languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Master/slave terminology is problematic given that slavery was institutionalised in the United States for hundreds of years. Yet, this type of offensive language is still used casually in many programming languages.
```

## Impact

> This outdated convention has strong associations with slavery which is exclusionary to members of our community who may continue to live with the negative impacts of slavery. It also demonstrates how pervasive racism is throughout our culture and lanuage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The outdated "master/slave" convention has strong associations with slavery which is exclusionary to members of our community who may continue to live with the negative impacts of slavery. It also demonstrates how pervasive and casual racism is throughout our culture and language.
```

## Usage Tip

> There are many alternative terminologies to describe the relationship between two components. It is important to be aware of empathy as well as diversity in the world of technology to ensure everyone feels welcome at the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seek to change any existing "master/slave" terminology to one of the suggested terms, as there are many alternative terminologies to describe the relationship between two components, many of which are much more specific. Avoid creating new projects with this terminology.

Even if you may not be negatively impacted by this terminology, it can negatively impact other existing and prospective contributors onto your project. The terminology isn't so unique that it's irreplaceable; the lift tends to be trivial in comparison to the potential impact.
```

---
title: Master Slave
slug: master-slave

> defined: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defined: true
```

speech: noun
alt_words:
  - Agency & Operatives
  - Leader & Follower
  - Main & Secondary
  - Parent & Child, Helpers, or Workers
  - Primary & Replica
  - Primary & Secondary
  - Trunk & Branch
reading:
  - text: Rename Your Git Branch From Master To Main
    href: https://www.hanselman.com/blog/EasilyRenameYourGitDefaultBranchFromMasterToMain.aspx
---

A model of asymmetric communication or control where one device or process have total control over other components or are controlled by a component.

## Issues

> Master/slave terminology is problematic given that slavery was institutionalised in the United States for hundreds of years. Yet, this type of offensive language is still used casually in many programming languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Master/slave terminology is problematic because it serves as a reminder that slavery was and continues to be a globally institutionalised practice. Yet, this type of offensive language is still used casually in many programming languages.
```
